So I will check out to that
particular branch because step
one already has everything working.
I'm gonna just get the project up and
running so that we see what we're
working with first cuz it's nice to
be able to at least have some visual.
You can also do NPM run serve.
I use yarn specifically
because I enjoy that process.
But this is very similar to what we
had earlier we have like a restock,
and we have a dispense with loading state.
And so what we wanna do is we
want to be able to move the store
out from our component into
the store code itself.
So if you look at store/index.js
which I used vcli.
And so it created an index.js and
a store folder,
which is why you have the structure but
again if you want to you can create
store.js sort of independent if you want.
So my store file is empty at the moment
my main.js file should be empty,
well actually it doesn't matter if it
lives there because the store is empty,
so it's just importing an empty store so
it's fine.
And my store code, all of it lives
in my component at the moment.
So if I scroll up to
the top of my component,
I'll see all this extra code with
even this Vue.use and so on.
So let's remove that because we no
longer need it to live in our component.
So we're gonna just
delete that all together.
And then what we'll do is I'm just
gonna grab from the fake API call all
the way to the end of my stall
where the xbot.default is.
And then this is gonna
create some extra like fun
stuff because of the way I copied it.
I should have copied the inside of it,
but I will do that now.
Let me grab that.
So now I have an empty store.
I'm gonna remove it.
And I'm just gonna update the internals
of this with my store like such.
That should work.
Yes.
So that works as expected and so
essentially what I did is I
moved to using Vuex Store.
I will show you the DevTools.
So I'm using Vue DevTools here because
I like to be able to see how exactly my
state is changing, what actions and
what mutations are being called.
So I'll give you a quick rundown of
what exactly the DevTools look like.
And then we're gonna be living
mostly in the Vuex tab of this.
And so if you're looking at the,
this is my screen, and
you'll see the DevTools to the right,
you'll see each individual component.
So currently I didn't componentize because
in this example it didn't quite matter.
So we have one single component,
which is the view layer, you see,
you see the computer properties and
then you see data as well.
And so what I want to show you
is this next tab which has
this sort of loading icon,
and that is the Vuex tab.
So in the Vuex tab,
you'll see things changing and updating.
So here if I click dispense,
you should see that
dispense being dispatched.
And then you'll see it as mutation.
So generally Vuex will show you mutations.
Because the mutation
actually touches the state.
And then it says recording
state on demand.
So it doesn't show you
the state automatically.
But if you want to see the state,
you can click the load state button and
it shows you all of
the information associated.
So you see things change in real time,
you can see the specific mutations
that are being called and so on.
So the DevTools are really useful as
you're working through exercises because
it gives you a sense of what's
happening in your application,
and it's a really good
tool to debug as well.
And it allows you to also like
explicitly change state if you want it
to check how your UI was looking like and
so on.